DANA PERINO.
"THE FIVE" ."
WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
WE ARE WAITING THE POSSIBLE
SENTENCING OF PAUL MANAFORT.
FIRST, SO WHILE YOU’RE HARD AT
WORK, WHAT ARE THE DEMS UP TO?
ARGUING WHETHER THEY SHOULD
CONDEMN ANTI-SEMITISM.
WHAT A STRANGE PLACE TO BE,
DEBATING HOW TO CONDEMN HATE.
YET FOR WEEKS THEY HAVE BEEN
DANCING AROUND ILHAN OMAR’S
REPEATED ANTI-SEMITISM.
HOUSE SPEAKER NANCY PELOSI,
MISCAST AS THE ADULT IN THIS
COMEDY, PUSH THE RESOLUTION
CONDEMNING THESE SLURS BUT
BOWING TO THE HARD LEFT NEWBIES.
SHE IS DANCING AGAIN.
>> THIS ONE RESOLUTION
ADDRESSING THESE FORMS OF
HATRED, NOT MENTIONING HER NAME
BECAUSE IT’S NOT ABOUT HER.
I DO NOT BELIEVE THAT SHE
UNDERSTOOD THE FULL WEIGHT OF
THE WORDS.
I FEEL CONFIDENT THAT HER WORDS
WERE NOT BASED ON ANY
ANTI-SEMITIC ATTITUDE BUT THAT
SHE DIDN’T HAVE A FULL
APPRECIATION OF HOW THEY LANDED
ON OTHER PEOPLE.
THESE WORDS HAVE A HISTORY.
AND A CULTURAL IMPACT THAT
MIGHT’VE BEEN UNKNOWN TO HER.
>> Greg: SO SHE IS JUST
IGNORANT.
NOW THEY ARE REVAMPING THE WHOLE
THING AND NOT MENTIONING OMAR BY
NAME BUT INCLUDING ALL
PERSECUTED PEOPLE.
THIS IS HOW FAR THE DEMOCRATS
HAVE FALLEN.
THEY CAN’T EVEN AGREE TO REMIND
PEOPLE THAT THEY DON’T HATE THE
JEWS.
IT SEEMS PRETTY EASY TO ME, BUT
HERE’S MY DATED ARGUMENT AGAINST
THE RESOLUTION.
CONDEMNING HATE PUTS THE HATER
IN HARM’S WAY.
KAMALA HARRIS AS I’M CONCERNED
OF THE SPOTLIGHT BEING PUT ON
CONGRESSMAN OMAR MAY PUT HER AT
RISK.
SORRY, SENATOR.
THE SPOTLIGHT IS WHAT OMAR
CRAVES.
THE SPOTLIGHT IS THE WHOLE
POINT.
BESIDES, WHEN THE SMOLLETT HOAX
TOOK OFF, DID ANYONE WORRY ABOUT
PUTTING TRUMP SUPPORTERS IN
DANGER?
WHEN PEOPLE SAID RED HATS WERE
RACIST, DID ANYONE CARE THAT IT
PUT TARGETS ON ENNIS AND HEADS?
DID ANYONE CARE AT ALL WHAT
ACTUAL HARM WAS DONE?
THESE ARE TRICK QUESTIONS
BECAUSE THE ANSWER IS OBVIOUSLY
NO.
THE RADICAL LEFT HIS DOG
WHISTLES AWAY ABOUT JEWS AND THE
FEAR IS THAT CRITICISM OF
ANTI-SEMITISM MIGHT PUT HER IN
HARM’S WAY.
THERE ARE ROUGHLY 100,000
HOLOCAUST SURVIVORS STILL LIVING
WHO MANAGED TO ESCAPE THE NAZIS.
I WON HOW THEY FEEL ABOUT THAT.
SO JESSE, I GUESS IT’S WEIRD NOW
THAT THEY ARE WORRIED THAT IF
YOU COULD ASSIST ANTI-SEMITISM,
SOMEBODY ELSE GET HURT FROM, I
GUESS, ENRAGED JEWS.
NOW WE HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT JEWS
ASSAULTING HER.
IS THAT THE CASE QUESTION MIKE I
DON’T UNDERSTAND.
>> Jesse: YOU ARE ABLE TO
CRITICIZE ISRAEL WITHOUT BEING
ANTI-SEMITIC.
OMAR APPARENTLY IS UNABLE OR
UNWILLING TO DO THAT BECAUSE
SHE’S BEEN WARNED A FEW TIMES.
THIS IS REALLY ALL ABOUT
NANCY PELOSI.
SHE’S GOT ENOUGH TO SUCH A BAD
START A SPEAKER.
SHE CAME IN AND THE STOCK MARKET
CAME DOWN.
THE GRAIN NEW DEAL HAS BEEN A
DISASTER.
THEY HAVE SUFFERED FROM A
BLACKFACE CONTROVERSY ANOTHER
SEPARATING THROUGH AN
ANTI-SEMITIC CONTROVERSY.
THE BOTTOM LINE IS THIS.
NANCY PELOSI DOES NOT WANT TO
ALIENATE THESE RADICAL FRESHMEN
BECAUSE SHE FEARS THEM BECAUSE
THEY HAVE MUCH JUICE.
THEY HAVE THE GRASSROOTS, THE
YOUTH, THE SOCIAL MEDIA.
THEY DON’T WANT TO TAKE A LOSS.
THEY BELIEVE THEY ARE INFALLIBLE
AND THEY ARE SELF-RIGHTEOUS AND
I DON’T WANT TO PLAY DEFENSE.
THEY WANT TO GO ON FULL THROATED
OFFENSE AGAINST THIS PRESIDENT
AND THEY DON’T WANT ANY BLUE DOG
DEMS CROSSING TO THE OTHER SIDE.
NANCY PELOSI HAS LOST CONTROL,
AND THAT’S WHY THEY ARE WATERING
IT DOWN.
IT’S LIKE JOHN BOEHNER AND THE
TEA PARTY COULDN’T HANDLE THEM,
AND HE HAD A HUGE HEADACHE TO
DEAL WITH AND THAT’S WHAT YOU’RE
SEEING HERE.
>> Greg: THEY GOT THE JUICE,
WHICH ALLOWS THEM TO BASH THE
JEWS.
THE RESOLUTION DOESN’T NAME OMAR
BY NAME BUT INSTEAD EVERY
PERSECUTED GROUP.
>> Dana: ALL HATE MATTERS.
>> Greg: SO NOW I HAVE TO COME
OUT AND SAY --
>> Dana: IT’S VERY CLUMSY.
THINK THE DEMOCRATS ARE
EMBARRASSED BY IT AND I THINK
THEY PROBABLY WISH THEY NEVER
WOULD’VE GONE DOWN THIS ROAD FOR
THIS RESOLUTION BECAUSE OF THE
FEATURES IT HAS EXPOSED.
IT’S BEING CONSIDERED PRETTY
MUCH A JOKE.
YES, ALL HATE MATTERS.
ALL LIVES MATTER.
WE’LL GET IT.
SEEMS TO ME LIKE IT’S A POINT
DEMOCRATIC PARTY WHERE YOU HAVE
TO KIND OF WONDER ALSO WHAT THE
-- THE CATHOLIC CHURCH DOESN’T
HAVE THAT MUCH THEY ANYMORE
BECAUSE OF ALL THEIR PROBLEMS
INSTITUTIONALLY AND THE
CREDIBILITY PROBLEMS.
NOW YOU HAVE AMERICAN JEWS WHO
HAVE TYPICALLY VOTED FOR
DEMOCRATS, REALLY HAVING TO MAKE
THIS DECISION ABOUT, DO WE
CONTINUE TO SUPPORT THIS PARTY
IF THEY CAN’T EVEN SAY THAT
ANTI-SEMITISM IS BAD.
I DISAGREE WITH WHAT
NANCY PELOSI SAID THERE THAT
IT’S NOT ABOUT HER, MEANING
CONGRESSWOMAN OMAR.
BECAUSE THIS INITIALLY STARTED
LIKE SIX WEEKS AGO WHEN SHE
FIRST GOT SWORN IN.
IF THEY WOULD HAVE NIPPED IT IN
THE BUD THEN, THEY WOULDN’T BE
HAVING THIS PROBLEM NOW.
>> Jesse: CAN I SAY SOMETHING?
REMEMBER WHEN NANCY CAME IN AND
THEY SAID NANCY WAS GOING TO CUT
OFF PEOPLE’S HEADS AND THEY
WEREN’T GOING TO REALIZE THEY
WERE BLEEDING.
NOW NANCY IS BLEEDING.
SHE HASN’T BEEN ABLE TO EXECUTE
THIS.
>> Greg: JEDEDIAH, OMAR IS
GETTING SOME VERY STRONG SUPPORT
FROM DAVID DUKE WHO SAYS --
>> Dana: DOES SHE CONDEMN
DAVID DUKE?
>> Greg: I HAVE NO IDEA.
HE CLAIMS THAT OMAR IS THE MOST
IMPORTANT MEMBER OF CONGRESS.
>> Jedediah: IT’S AMAZING SHE
DOESN’T TAKE EAT FROM THAT.
SHE DOESN’T TAKE HEAT FOR THAT.
>> Jesse: PETER DOOCY SHOULD
ASK HER.
>> Jedediah: FOR NANCY PELOSI
TO COME OUT AND SAY IT’S NOT
ABOUT OMAR.
OF COURSE IT IS AND IT WOULD
BENEFIT YOU TO SAY THAT IT IS
ABOUT HER.
BECAUSE NOW PEOPLE ARE ASKING,
WHO IS IT ABOUT?
IS IT ABOUT ALL OF YOU THAT YOU
ALL FELT ENGAGED, AND MAKE THIS
VAGUE, ODD COMMENTARY ABOUT THIS
WHEN IN FACT ALL THE LANGUAGE IN
IT, IT POINTS EXACTLY TO THE
COMMENTS OMAR MADE, TALKING
ABOUT DUAL ALLEGIANCE.
IT SHOWS A REFUSAL ON THEIR PART
WHEN SOMEONE OF THEIR OWN RANK
DOES SOMETHING OUTRAGEOUS LIKE
NIXON ANTI-SEMITIC COMMENTS,
THEY ARE REFUSING TO HOLD THAT
PERSON ACCOUNTABLE.
ALTHOUGH PEOPLE IN THE MIDDLE OF
THE COUNTRY, IT MAY MAKE THE
BASE HAPPY BUT THERE ARE PEOPLE
IN THE CENTER OF THE COUNTRY
THAT LOOK AT THIS AND SAY WHY
DID THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY FEEL
THEY NEED TO DO THIS.
ARE PEOPLE CONFUSED?
DO THEY THINK THE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY IS
REPRESENTATIVE OF HATE?
HUGE PROBLEM.
NANCY PELOSI BETTER GET INTO
LINE.
SHE’S AFRAID OF THE NEWBIES AND
SHE’S BEEN THERE A LONG TIME AND
IT SHOWS.
>> Greg: I SHOULD LOOK THIS
WAY.
THE VOTING HAS STARTED, EVEN
THOUGH I’M ACTUALLY LOOKING AT
DANA.
LOOK AT THE VOTING OVER THERE,
JUAN.
WHY THE OBSESSION WITH ISRAEL
AMONG THE YOUNG PEOPLE?
IS THIS SOMETHING THAT COMES
FROM ACADEMIA?
I WANT TO UNDERSTAND IT.
IS IT BECAUSE THEY DON’T
UNDERSTAND THE LANGUAGE THAT
THEY ARE USING?
>> Juan: I THINK IN HER CASE,
SHE HAS UNFAMILIAR SOME OF THESE
ANTI-SEMITIC TROPES.
TO ME, THIS IS NOT THE ISSUE.
I THINK THEY WANT TO HAVE HONEST
CONVERSATIONS ABOUT AMERICAN
POLICY IN THE MIDDLE EAST, AND
WHAT THEY ARE RUNNING INTO HIS
PEOPLE SAYING OH, YOU KNOW WHAT,
SHE USED THESE ANTI-SEMITIC
TROPES AND THEREFORE WE CAN
IGNORE THE LARGER TOPIC.
I THINK WHEN YOU HAVE PEOPLE
LIKE ILHAN OMAR COMING INTO THE
CONGRESS, YOU KNOW WE HAVE THE
FIRST TWO MUSLIM WOMEN.
SUDDENLY THEIR PERSPECTIVE ON
PALESTINIAN HUMAN RIGHTS IS
INTRODUCED PEOPLE SAY WE
HAVEN’T HEARD THIS BEFORE.
HANG ON.
>> Greg: WHAT IS THE LARGER
TOPIC?
>> Juan: I ALREADY SAID IT’S
YOU AND FOREIGN POLICY IN THE
MIDDLE EAST.
YOU GET BERNIE SANDERS WHO IS
JEWISH, SAYING DON’T EQUATE
ANTI-SEMITISM WITH LEGITIMATE
CRITICISM OF THE NETANYAHU
GOVERNMENT AND ISRAEL.
ELIZABETH WARREN BRANDING ISRAEL
THE EQUIVALENT OF ANTI-SEMITISM,
CHILLING IN AN AMERICAN
DEMOCRACY.
HERE IS JAY STREET, A JEWISH
LOVING GROUP.
"THE BIGGEST THREAT TO THE
JEWISH COMMUNITY IS WHITE
NATIONALISM ON THE RIGHT THAT
TRUMP HAS ONLY USED BOTH IN THE
U.S. AND GLOBALLY."
WHAT YOU GET FROM REPUBLICANS IS
THE LIGHT, AND THE PROBLEM FOR
DEMOCRATS RATHER THAN SAYING
WHEN TRUMP SAYS TO A GROUP OF
JEWISH BUSINESSMEN, YEAH, YOU
WANT TO BUY MACULAR POLITICIANS
AND CONTROL THEM OR WHEN KEVIN
McCARTHY GOES HAVE TO GEORGE
SOROS, TOM STEYER, AND BLOOMBERG
IS BUYING ELECTIONS.
>> Jedediah: DEMOCRATS, EVERY
TIME TRUMP SAYS SOMETHING THEY
DON’T LIE, THEY EXPECT
REPUBLICANS TO HOLD TRUMP
ACCOUNTABLE.
NOW YOU HAVE A WOMAN WHO,
WHETHER SHE MEANT TO TALK ABOUT
ISRAELI POLICY OR NOT, HER
COMMENTS "IT’S ALL ABOUT THE
BENJAMINS," IT’S BEEN
UNIVERSALLY CONDEMNED.
THEY HAVE A PROBLEM PUTTING YOUR
-- PUTTING HER IN A RESOLUTION.
>> Juan: THEY ARE CONDEMNING
ANTI-SEMITISM AND --
>> Jedediah: FROM HER.
UNTIL THEY HOLD HER ACCOUNTABLE,
GUESS WHAT, SHE’S BEING
EMPOWERED.
>> Juan: IF THEY ARE
CONDEMNING HATRED, WHY ARE
REPUBLICANS HAVING SUCH TROUBLE
BECAUSE REPUBLICANS AREN’T
INTERESTED IN CONDEMNING HATRED.
THEY ARE INTERESTED IN
CONDEMNING DEMOCRATS AND OMAR.
THEY ARE SAYING DON’T DO THIS.
YOU HAVE TO GO AFTER OMAR.
WAIT A MINUTE.
SYC LEADING DEMOCRATS AND, IS IT
ABOUT SILENCING LEGITIMATE
CRITICISM OF ISRAEL?
AND SMEARING, WHICH IS WHAT WE
SAW IN WEST VIRGINIA WITH THE
POSTER.
>> Jesse: YOU ARE DEFLECTING.
YOU DIDN’T ANSWER GREG’S
QUESTION.
GREG ASKED ABOUT U.S. FOREIGN
POLICY, WHY IS THERE AN
OBSESSION WITH ISRAEL AND YOU
DIDN’T ANSWER.
WHY IS IT ABOUT ISRAEL?
THEY ARE THE ONLY DEMOCRATIC
COUNTRY IN THAT REGION.
THEIR HUMAN RIGHTS RECORD IS
ABOVE AND BEYOND IRAN,
SAUDI ARABIA.
I DON’T HEAR CRITICISM OF THOSE
COUNTRIES.
YOU ONLY SEE CRITICISM OF
ISRAEL.
>> Juan: ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
>> Jesse: HAS OMAR SPOKEN OUT
ABOUT IRANIAN HUMAN RIGHTS
ABUSES, SAUDI HUMAN RIGHTS
ABUSES?
I HAVEN’T HEARD HER.
>> Juan: AMERICA SPEAKS OUT
ABOUT THESE ISSUES BECAUSE THERE
HUMAN RIGHTS RECORD IS SO
HORRIFIC.
YOU ARE IGNORING ISRAEL’S RECORD
IN TERMS OF OCCUPYING WEST BANK
TERRITORIES, THEIR TREATMENT OF
PALESTINIANS, AND QUESTIONS
ABOUT A TWO-STATE SOLUTION WHICH